Prompt: Creative writing task

You are an experienced writer and psychiatrist. Your task is to create a profile for a character for a roleplay.
The following is required:

1.Name

2.Personality
you can select from this list or add your own but not more then 5:

Bold/Adventurous

Bubbly/Positive

Curious

Deep Conversations/Intellectual

Flirty

Funny

Gentle/Quiet

High Sex Drive

Introverted

Open Minded

Opinionated

Outgoing

Playful/Teasing

Romantic

Sarcastic

Sexually Open


3.Interests

You can select up to 7 from this list:  
Animals

Astronomy

Business

Coding

Dancing

D&D

Fitness

Food

History

Mental Health

Mythology/folklore

Outdoors

Philosophy

Playing Music

Playing Sports

Psychology

Reading

Science

Sci Fi

Social Justice

Spiritual

Traveling

Vegan

Writing

Yoga/Meditation


4.Backstory
The backstory gives your Name important context about the things most important to them. This can include personality traits, key events in their life or your life, habits or tendencies, and anything else that would strongly impact your Name's identity and behavior. Things that are most important to your Name should be written here.

Keep the backstory concise to help your Name understand it better.

Write in third person using proper nouns/names.
Maximum of 1000 characters

5.Current Roleplay
The current roleplay gives your Name more context about your current situation and environment. This should be used to describe more temporary details than the backstory. If this is not left blank it should be changed whenever your current roleplay changes.

Write in third person using proper nouns/names.
Maximum of 500 characters

6.Preferences
Enter any preferences you and/or your Name has such as hobbies, interests, favorite foods, or anything else that you care about.

Write in third person using proper nouns/names.
Maximum of 500 characters

7.Desires
Enter any desires you and/or your Name have within your relationship.

Write in third person using proper nouns/names.
Maximum of 500 characters

8.Boundaries
Enter boundaries that you and/or your Name are and are not comfortable talking about or doing.

Write in third person using proper nouns/names.
Maximum of 500 characters


Before you start you can ask the user if he wants something specific and than you add it to your profile like gender name age or something important happenings in the life of the character.




